what if we could have a screen the size
of the entire
wall that looks
amazing okay
okay last time we were here at the land
gaming center badminton Hall we tried to
make the biggest possible gaming display
on this
190 Ft white wall but we ran into a
limitation our weak sauce consumer
projector with its fixed lens would have
me traveling through the wall in order
to get the image big enough not to
mention it's pretty DM so there was only
one thing to do we brought in the big
guns so With a Little Help from our
friends at Clark's Audi visual we are
going to be building the largest
possible gaming display I'm talking
something worthy of Weird Al Yankovic
over
2,000 in diagonally from all the way
over there to the very far
end
it's going to be a little
tricky I want to quickly shout out
co-pilot who sponsored this video more
on those guys later but first let's take
a look at the Beast this is the Epson
Pro l505 uh a commercial grade projector
that makes the ls 12000 look like an
absolute toy fundamentally they're based
on very very similar technology it uses
oh my God hey Ry get ahe okay it uses a
three chip laser projection system
giving it amazing contrast and in this
one's case spectacular brightness and
color performance this thing is rated to
Output 12,000 lumens and that is in
color you can kind of cheat your Peak
brightness rating if it's just white but
they didn't it weighs over 50 lb but
when you consider the performance it's
actually not that much bigger than a
home Cinema projector and it's got some
major benefits for an application like
this the biggest one is support for
interchangeable lenses this right here
is an Epson short throw monster that is
able to achieve A8 throw ratio meaning
that we could get a 100t wide image
being only 80 ft away from the wall that
because there's another wall in the way
was incredibly important for our
application because otherwise we'd have
to have this thing somewhere outside of
the building over there shining through
a window uh what's one of these worth if
I damage it about 3,000 actually you
know in the world of Cinema lenses not
that bad I mean I'm not going to but oh
my oh my God just in
case
nice the rest of the pretty much boil
down to ease of deployment since
companies like Clarks operate out of
travel cases like these they roll up to
a show or an event they unpack in a
matter of hours they expect everything
to run perfectly and they need to pack
it all the way again in a matter of
hours so at the front of this unit we've
got what Epson calls their pixeline
camera system this allows the unit
assuming all of the projectors have it
unfortunately we won't be using it today
to take a picture of the wall compensate
for any Oddities or overlaps and help
you align all of your projectors into a
giant video wall pretty much
automatically and coming around to the
back look at those professional grade
inputs I mean come on you can't have an
HDMI cable just coming unplugged in the
middle of a show unacceptable that's why
we've got BNC and this particular unit
has support for both control 4 which is
present on the ls2000 and Crestron which
is a home automation system but
realistically is so baller that it's the
kind of thing that you would find at
stadiums and houses of worship and
things like that but enough Yik Yak you
guys want to see it in action right to
make the deployment a little bit simpler
well at least in some ways we grabbed a
few of the scissor lifts that they
happened to already have here on the
construction
site and we strapped our three
projectors for the massive video wall
that we're building to the railings
which I guess makes sense the reason I
have to move it is because in order for
us to have an Apples to Apples
comparison of brightness we're going to
have to put this a lot closer to the
wall than the LS1 12000 because of the
short throw lens you're going to have to
move back
Adam he's back atam the uh less
impressive superhero give that blue
scissor lift a little kiss uh oh no not
quite we're good I felt like I moved a
lot but this is still enormous uh we can
zoom out a little bit but Adam you're
going to have to move really far away in
order to get anywhere near the same
size can we hit the lights and that my
friends is the difference between a 2700
Len projector just great for your home
theater you know 120 150 in screen and a
12,000 Lumen display that uh did I
mention consumes 1,700 Watts meaning
each of these requires its own power
circuit what you're looking at right now
is about give or take a 40t screen and
it still looks awesome the consumer
version looks like a toy in comparison
do you want to compare white to white
that's white
that's now all I need is to fix my
alignment and a game controller oh my
God it looks like a giant TV wait does
this not support
HDR no do you see anything about HDR
support on the site I can't find
anything with
HDR well we'll just have to try to enjoy
it without HDR I guess what a downer you
know I think I'd probably get over it
what's one of these worth 15,000 $15,000
I think we can use the consumer one
it'll just be smaller at the
land man that's sick but if one's cool
then three must be better
there it is guys we're about to show you
guys how we're doing it but first we
need to talk about our sponsor co-pilot
Adam's on a little hike over there so
while he approaches I'll talk about what
it is you get a fully featured workout
app with video instructions and exercise
descriptions you also get access to your
own personal trainer because one of the
hardest parts of sticking to your
fitness plan is accountability it is so
easy to ignore an app notification and
having a real person looking out for you
can make a huge difference I was a
Bonafide gym rat during the pandemic and
I struggled with getting back into the
gym in the recent years but my co-pilot
coach Nate has brought extra fun and
variety to my workouts that make me want
to get back into the gym and even helps
me by adjusting my workouts for times
when I'm traveling so I can still make
progress even when I don't have access
to my usual gym the app allows me to
sync my health data and my workout data
from other apps to give me and my coach
a fuller picture of my health and my
progress and the beauty is I get to
think as much or as little about my
workouts as I want I can discuss changes
with my programming with my coach or I
can just show up Pump iron and Trust
trust that my workout will be designed
to help me achieve my goals in fact
there's evidence that people who have
access to a personal trainer have
improved training outcomes versus those
that are going it alone with a
compatible Smartwatch you can use motion
tracking to analyze your sets form and
pacing with live
feedback and this comes at a price that
is all way way lower than your typical
personal trainer and if you don't gel
well with your coach you can always
switch to a new one and find somebody
who fits your needs and unlike many gyms
there's no hidden cancellation fees or
desperate sales people trying to get you
to upgrade your membership how long have
you been using it uh like 3 months now
oh cool okay yeah so you can check out
co-pilot at the link in the video
description once you've got all three
projectors in place what is the first
step in your process yeah so the first
thing we do is we get them all aligned
by eyeball so we just look at them and
we use the lens shift built into the
projectors to get them all looking
roughly the same huh I mean these two
look pretty darn good you've done this
before yeah once or twice with that out
of the way what can you tell me about
the little black box that we've got all
three of them linked into here uh the
black magic box is the data path FX4
it's a video wall controller so
basically what you can do is take one
input source whether it's a laptop or a
game console or whatever you want it to
be and split it amongst a bunch of
different screens or projectors and does
this support the same kind of blending
that we did with our commercial Quadro
output that we used last time we did
something like this or better it's a
little bit better uh basically what it
does is it offloads that from the PC so
you're taking that and you're putting it
on a Standalone piece of Hardware got it
but latency latency is awesome couple of
milliseconds at best I guess we'll find
out I guess we will the next thing we're
doing is getting all of the projectors
focused then it's time to put up the
grid a test pattern that helps them
check their focus and check and refine
the alignment between the three
projectors oh my gosh that's so cool
that's a couch for scale take that maxl
ad do you see how small his TV was I
mean look if we used Weird Al's song
would he forgive us I mean he's a pretty
chill guy we made Frank's 2000 in
TV please don't sue
us it is so far beyond the edges of my
peripheral
vision so where's the
middle but we're not ready to game yet
the next step is Corner adjustment so
Clarks has finished up this side and you
can see actually man that is that is
bang on we've got a straight line right
across the floor right into that corner
straight up to the top and straight over
there and now they're going to go
projector by projector and try to align
them with the first one you can't
imagine something like this you can look
at a big blank wall and you can kind of
go yeah that would be cool but oh my God
while these gentle folk finish aligning
the last one I thought I'd take my TV
for a walk just want to kind of see how
long it takes to make it all the way
from one Edge to the other good gravy I
haven't even made it past one projector
yet we're going to get there though hey
Adam how's it going setting up the audio
what it it's great good stuff you look
comfortable Oh I'm great yeah I love
this inflatable couch I'm on projector
number two
now almost at number
three yep I'm going to be there really
soon oh
man I'm not going to need a personal
trainer after all sorry sponsor okay
trying one come on come on come on come
on come on come on come on come on come
on come on come on come on come
on behold the world's widest start
menu the search still sucks okay who did
that world record that's not a world
record it's a Linus world
record behold the much smaller
troubleshooting
display just like that and now we have
our one two and three projectors okay oh
oh that's something wait for it wait for
it wait for
it
yes cease
waiting new plan forget the video wall
controller we're going back to Envy
surround the diagonal is 173 ft which
wait what yeah it doesn't make any sense
it's only 3 ft longer than the width
yeah cuz it's such a acute diagonal even
only 3 ft that's it we we've tried it on
multiple different calculators that's
what checks out 32 ft tall 170 ft wide
did we let down Frank that's 276 in
yeah Frank still got it here we freaking
go
[Music]
let's go Dan's got it no Dan Dan you do
the honors I don't think we've ever
actually seen Dan game your pad sir
thank you all right spider solitire oh
come on do we have
sound I don't know if this website has
sound Dan tried to change the
volume hold on let me go let me go tell
you what it's at
oh it's working why am I even here
then yeah I think I can hear every bass
note about six
times I been to some weird parties but
this is definitely the weirdest I'm
kidding I haven't been to any parties
but it's weird oh my God we can see the
whole level hold on wait wait wait wait
wait wait no go back go back go back all
right let's go
Boys I Get Wrecked you
suck you're dead already what are you
guys even
doing this is not like the original oh
my
God this is
extremely the
mouse the mouse is awful skill
issue I could just sit and watch a
complete novice play video games on this
you know how I
[Laughter]
know I'm just kidding Dan you're doing
great I'm amazed at how the like the
pillars just have disappeared for me oh
yeah they don't even matter like it's
just we're staring directly at one it's
so immersive though okay Dan let's see
how well you can drive there is
definitely going to be some float plane
extras from this video so lmg Dogg flat
plane I'll see you guys over there it's
about to
happen
woo oh man that is wild look I've seen a
lot of really cool
Tech I have never seen this okay i' I've
seen displays like this but they're
always Out Of Reach at the top of
buildings or whatever I don't actually
get to game on them oh my God you could
actually drive like this though you can
see so much of the road in front of you
car is bigger than an actual car that's
hilarious look at the scenery though
yeah like it's freaking Scenic it's like
looking out a massive window it's just
like it's like it expands your horizons
man yeah fors of Horizons five I'm going
to race this loading
bar oh
shoot who wins now humans or machines
this is by far the most immersive
experience I've had in flight
[Music]
simulator it freaking feels like you're
being dragged on a Shute behind the
plane
[Music]
yeah
oh God oh God no not the people no not
there Dan oh my God no no no no no at
least at least he biffed in the who so
back to the title is it the world's
biggest
TV if high sense can call theirs a laser
TV then I say we're in the clear there
did we build
it with help kind of but do those
details really matter we have it we
gamed on it and it was so freaking cool
I just want to shout out Clarks again
these guys were freaking awesome and
Shout out our sponsor if you're looking
for an easier way to start being active
or you're looking to enrich your current
training co-pilot's team of personal
trainers and robust workout app can help
check out our co-pilot link go.my
pilot.com Linus techtips to get 14 days
of free personalized Fitness at the link
down below if you guys enjoyed this
video you know what I'm going to throw
back to the first widescreen projector
setup I ever did it's actually on the NC
Tech tips Channel and that blew my mind
then because because it was using
stereoscopic
3D it was pretty cool not as cool as
this